Note status in README (#988)
tc39/proposal-temporal: README.md

This proposal is currently [Stage 2](https://github.com/tc39/proposals#stage-2).

> At the time of writing, all the major design decisions that we are aware of have been made, but [some](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/issues?page=1&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A%22Stable+proposal%22) are not yet reflected in the API documentation, polyfill, and specification text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing, all the major design decisions that we are aware of have been made, but [some](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-temporal/milestone/6) are not yet reflected in the API documentation, polyfill, and specification text.
```

I find that easier to follow at least. Feel free to ignore 😀

Author: Works for me, thanks.
